I don't know how to actuaaly write this but I will try.

General stuff:

    I got the svg background from somewhere but I cannot find the website anymore, but the only thing I change is the gradient colour for each pages and trying to make it into the background.

    Most images that are being used are AI generated using Ieogram to make the fake artist, places, and the venue.

    The website is also heavily inspired or probably a cheap copy of Summer Sonic 2024 website: https://www.summersonic.com/en/

    I was planning the shrinking navbar and adding a translucent background when you scroll, but I scrapped that since I don't know javascript. So I just left it as a translucent background( rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.50) ) for better readability.

Index/Home: 

    The images in the sponsor part in the index.html are just fake companies from video games, and tv-show.

    For the spotify widget, I just look up at the Spotify documentation on putting their widget and website, so I put the embedded code in index.html with Mongolian Throat singing playlist.

    Then added a buy ticket button which will lead to the ticket tab.

Tickets:

    I added three butttons that will lead to each categories which are passes, lodgings, and add-on.

    I used cards to display the images, description and prices which is presented in the button, the link for those only led to https://www.ticketmaster.ca/, so It make feel like your actually purchasing a ticket even if it led you to the home page of Ticketmaster.

Timetable:

    I use a timetable maker to create my timetable and then go to Canva to edit the background and the fonts nad export it into png since the timetable was printed out as a pdf.

Contact:

    I added some Contact text to make to try and make it professional.

    I also took the form from assignment 2 to make the contact us form which will submit into the php tthat you provided.

About:

    I just chatgpt the all of those paragraph and then used ideogram again to make the see you in 2041 image.
    